fix: AVCaptureSession race condition crash (#265)
capawesome-team/capacitor-mlkit: .changeset/tough-elephants-sparkle.md

---

> '@capacitor-mlkit/barcode-scanning': minor
> ---
> 
> fix: moved video preview layer setup outside of async task to prevent race condition related crash on AVCaprtureSession.startRunning()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@capacitor-mlkit/barcode-scanning': patch
---

fix(ios): prevent crash due to a race condition at the start of the scan
```
